Add known issue for Elastic Agent base image change issue (#5326)
elastic/cloud-on-k8s: docs/release-notes/highlights-1.9.0.asciidoc

[id="{p}-190-known-issues"]
=== Known issues

> - On Openshift versions 4.6 and below, upon installing/upgrading to 1.9.[0,1], the operator will be stuck in a state of `Installing` within the Openshift UI, and found in a `CrashLoopBackoff` within Kubernetes because of Webhook certificate location mismatches. More information and work-around can be found in link:https://github.com/elastic/cloud-on-k8s/issues/5191[the issue].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- On Openshift versions 4.6 and below, when installing or upgrading to 1.9.[0,1], the operator will be stuck in a state of `Installing` within the Openshift UI, and found in a `CrashLoopBackoff` within Kubernetes because of Webhook certificate location mismatches. More information and work-around can be found in link:https://github.com/elastic/cloud-on-k8s/issues/5191[this issue].
```

Author: 😄 I did not actually write that bit. That was already there. My addition is the item below this one.
